[DOCS] Migrating pages under guides/miscellaneous (#3094)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/guides/miscellaneous/how_to_use_the_great_expectations_cli.md

title: How to use the Great Expectations command line interface (CLI)
---

The Great Expectations command line is organized using a **`<NOUN> <VERB>`** syntax.
This guide is organized by nouns (datasource, suite, docs) then verbs (new, list, edit, etc).

## Basics

You can get a list of Great Expectations commands available to you by typing `great_expectations --v3-api --help`.
Each noun command and each verb sub-command has a description, and should help you find the thing you need.

Please note that the V3 (Batch Request) API can be accessed by adding the `--v3-api` flag after `great_expectations`. Please see our how-to guides and use the `--help` flag for more complete descriptions of the new functionality.

> :::note All Great Expectations commands have help text which you can access by adding `--help` to the end of a command. For example, by running `great_expectations --v3-api suite new --help` you'll see help output for that specific command.
> :::

Reviewer: ![Screen Shot 2021-07-22 at 9 17 24 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49923762/126645253-0afa2a68-1624-4df6-b66f-7110be1776fc.png)
```suggestion
:::info [OPTIONAL_TEXT_HERE]
All Great Expectations commands have help text which you can access by adding `--help` to the end of a command. For example, by running `great_expectations --v3-api suite new --help` you'll see help output for that specific command.
:::
```
I think an `info` box would be a bit more appropriate here. You can change the specific title or omit to have `INFO` be the header.

  docs        Data Docs operations
  init        Initialize a new Great Expectations project.
  project     Project operations
  store       Store operations
  suite       Expectation Suite operations
```

You can further explore available options and commands with the `--help` flag, for example:

```bash
$ great_expectations --v3-api datasource --help
Using v3 (Batch Request) API
Usage: great_expectations datasource [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

  Datasource operations

Options:
  --help  Show this message and exit.

Commands:
  delete  Delete the datasource specified as an argument
  list    List known Datasources.
  new     Add a new Datasource to the data context.
```

## Shell autocompletion for the CLI

If you want to enable autocompletion for the Great Expectations CLI, you can execute following commands in your shell (or add them to your .bashrc/.zshrc or ~/.config/fish/completions/):

```bash
$ eval "$(_GREAT_EXPECTATIONS_COMPLETE=source_bash great_expectations)"
```

for bash

```zsh
$ eval "$(_GREAT_EXPECTATIONS_COMPLETE=source_zsh great_expectations)"
```

for zsh, and

```fish
$ eval (env _GREAT_EXPECTATIONS_COMPLETE=source_fish great_expectations)
```

> for fish (you'll have to create a ~/.config/fish/completions/great_expectations.fish file).

Reviewer: I'm not sure what capabilities Docusaurus has but if possible, what are you thoughts on making captions or labels for each shell type? This is very minor and non-blocking but I think it could be of value. Let me know what you think!
![Screen Shot 2021-07-22 at 9 22 32 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49923762/126645970-c86bf056-1532-4414-ab41-eee7c9999fa1.png)

Author: Oh nice, good call! I do think captions/labels for code snippets are possible, let me check.
